when your own when you're flat like this
you want to have your elbows in and your
head up your hands are out just like
this okay
elbows hands head up this is not elbows
in in my head is not so if you're like
this you basically just helped him get
your head down and get rid of the pain
so helpful skinned and up say stay with
me
elbows elbows in head up now that's if
you're on the bottom you want to be in
this position that way you can fight up
to your base let's say let's say he gets
the half in for some reason okay the
first thing you're going to do is
doubles in head up look away
elbows in head up look away from the
half if he has a half on this side of my
head I'm gonna look away I don't want to
look at it because I'm just going to get
turned over okay that's helping I also
don't want to do this I don't want to
reach for this and try to get and then
I'm sitting in turn that's why you get
turning and reach okay so again what do
I do
no that's the first thing look away now
at the same time a lot of the stuff is
at the same Johnny you're gonna actually
look it away reach up grab the wrist
grab the wrist keep this elbow down on
the mat I don't want to see you bringing
it up like this cuz you're just going to
get turned this is not important this
hand that's on your
it's really important you really only
need to grab but for the moves that
we're going to be doing from this
position you need to grab it so you have
a hold up ads you have this arm you're
gonna post your hand down close this leg
out and you're going to use this hand to
push back in tour so now you're here and
then now you can come up to your base so
again what do i do all the way now but
at the same time is just like this oh I
want to push back into this guy push it
up then I got not here
Nikes go ahead and come up to my face I
got hand control I can keep that okay
you guys understand